# Python-Basics
Slides and Jupyter Notebook files that help teach the basics of Python

The powerpoint is intended to be downloaded and used by a proctor that has some basic understandings of Python. If they do not, hopefully this can help! A powerpoint slide will have the description of what is occuring in the screenshot of code within the notes section for the presenter; I did not add a note to a slide if I felt that it was a further demonstration of a previously mentioned slide, or was easily explainable from looking at the code snippit. For the most part, the powerpoint follows the flow of the jupyter notebook files in the order of "Python - Basics, Python - Dictionaries, numpy, pandas". The .csv files are only necessary for the demonstration of numpy, pandas and matplotlib in the second notebook. It is recommended that anyone teaching this should give others the Notebook files but with cleared output so that they can run the code along with you; it may be even more beneficial to create a copy of the notebook files and remove portions of code, so that when the proctor/teacher goes through each cell they can instruct what to insert or ask for input. In any case, it is highly recommended that after the powerpoint is discussed, that the jupyter notebooks be explored as a group.

The final slide depicts an example of a Vigenere Cipher; this is just to give an idea for a project to work towards with the new python information that can lead to an intermediate understanding of Python.
